SPCTR-3588: Fix - Testimonial layout breaking issue with height of the testimonial. (#3737)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

### x.x.x ###
* Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved stacking issue on Safari during the initial load when choosing the masonry layout.
* Fix: Popup Builder - Resolved an issue wherein dynamic blocks inside the popups would not be visible on the fronted.

> * Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an issue wherein the Testimonial layout breaks in frontend in first page load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an issue wherein the layout could appear inconsistent in the frontend on the first page load.
```

Author: Updated.
